# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
coverage==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-privates
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-solo
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-import-export==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-privates==2.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-solo==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==15.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
mysqlclient==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
playwright==1.51.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
pydyf==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyee==12.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
pyphen==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-countries
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
weasyprint==61.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
zopfli==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
